Well we covered a lot for this course I hope you were able to pick up on all the new features.
ESX introduce us and learn how they work and why it might be useful to use.
You also saw how to use iOS 6 today.
Check out the respective lecture in the first module if you still have questions about that.
With Dad you should really be able to start diving deeper into iOS 6 and playing around with all the
new features try out where outway want to use them try out where it might be helpful and simply pick
some example applications you want to build.
Pick some old applications you already built with E.S. 5 and convert them to iOS 6.
That would be all great steps in order to use iOS 6 and get better with it.
Now regarding next steps iOS 6 will be supported by more and more browsers during the next weeks months
and years.
It is the future of Chalis script in the end and you should now be well prepared to use that future
and ever use it today.
By using compilers and so on.
Or wait a couple of months and then use it natively in all browsers.
I hope you enjoyed the course and I'm happy to see you in any other Course Lectures or whatever wherever
you meet.
Have a great day.
But